# Overview

The latest changes are not all reflected in the visible parts of the viewer. So an update is really necessary:

* README
    * Read it carefully (again) and decide which parts should be kept. At the moment, it is too much, and some could go to some `USERDOC.md` or whatever file.
    * Update all screenshots and ensure it is possible to create them with e.g. the configuration builder.
* Configuration Builder
    * Ensure that all configuration options are available.
    * Make it nicer: the right part should go to bottom, so when testing more wide layouts / displays, it should be easier to check it then.
    * Structure the configuration in some way, so things that belong together should go together.
    * Style it minimally, so it is not as ugly (as it is at the moment).
* Documentation
    * Layout: Should it be bigger? Most strings nowadays are bigger, and at least for API and examples, it would be helpful. How about a responsive layout (old one the minimal, and a wider one as well)?
    * Move old versions to somewhere else, no one is interested at all.
    * API: include all configuration, check (again) all values, or make some nice example to check that forth and back.
    * Examples: Restructure all
        * Have all options included, structured in a useful way.
        * Ensure that layout (on a normal screen) is bigger.
        * Redo some of the examples to show it nicer: more width, automatic line break, ...
        * How about having the source code visible all the time, having to scroll then the examples? Try it out.

So perhaps that is too much for one ticket, and it should be done when not too many changes are coming (again). But then, the things should be updated.

## README

* Too much, what to skip?
* Examples should be up to date, and nice.


## Configuration Builder

* Check all options.

### Options

* pgn: done
* fen: done
* mode: ==> Label
* position:   
* game: ?? No options, so move it to somewhere else
* orientation: done
* showFen: done, default false
* showCoords: done, ==> default == true
* theme: Check that the values are all there, and check documentation as well.
* pieceStyle: Same here, complete and documented
* timerTime: done
* locale: done, default should be en
* boardSize: done
* width: ==> allows only pixel, how to do something different?
* layout: done
* movesWidth: ??
* movesHeigth: ??
* headers ==> Default == true
* coordsInner ==> Default == true
* coordsFactor ==> Default == 1.0
* startPlay ==> defaulte none, else defines the move from which the play should start

## Documentation

### API

Change the order, to tell the story:

* ID ok
* mode ok
* pgn|pgnFile ok
* position ok
* orientation ok
* headers
* showResult
* manyGames (!) not documented, only relevant for pgnView
* notation (!) no documentation, options are:  short|long, no default!! 
* notationLayout (!) no documentation, just class for moves div. See some tickets about #3.
* timeAnnotation
  * class: font size (could be others as well)
  * colorClass: to set it separate, default is comment style  
* locale ok 
* showCoords
* coordsInner
* coordsFactor
* rankFontSize ?? Strange name, alternative to coordsFactor. Both necessary?
  Renamed to coordsFontSize (!) Documentation needed
* colorMarker (!) not documented, but works (somehow). Where to put for view/edit/board? 
* theme ok (!) Check the possible values, CSS to it, ...
* pieceStyle (!) Has some duplicates to theme, by accident or by purpose. This is unfriendly, and should be changed
* layout ok, not well implemented, but works
* width ok (but works only for pixels, according to #186)
* boardSize (!) some duplication, does it work to use both. Same problem like #186
* movesWidth / movesHeight (!) Check again with all variations of layout, and to see if that changes anything. Danger is, to have a combination that does not work at all.
* startPlay (!) Check if it is working all the time ==> examples
* hideMovesBefore (!) See example ticket046-3, there is a bug in it (about the first position)